Welcome back! Knowing Your Topic and Specification!
So in this video we'll be understanding
your subject, planning your model, and knowing the
importance of research. So
challenge! Let's do some research!
Pause the video now, go and search for bowling pictures,
watch some videos, if necessary, and look up the specifications of
the ball and pins.
OK, welcome back! So how did you get on with that
challenge? Let's go off and do some research ourselves now,
so you can see what I would be doing! OK, so I have
Googled a picture of a bowling ball.
So we've got lots of pictures of bowling balls, now one of the things that's
incredibly important is I would have probably drawn a bowling ball like
this black one here. Now, as you can
see, a real bowling ball has two holes really close together, and a third one
for your thumb, much futher away. And I can always guarantee
that if I had asked you to model a bowling ball, without
any reference material, you'd have probably put that third hole
for your thumb too close or the two finger holes
too far apart. Equally, when I was looking for a
bowling pin, you can see there are loads of different ones that you
could pick. And we'll be using one of these for our
reference material in a bit, so we can model a pin
accurately. And another thing I spotted, when going
down, was the actual configuration of the pins. So later on, when we come
to laying out the pins themselves,
we can see here we have an overview. They are 12 inches
apart from one another, in any direction, which is great! And this
line here, see that's 36, so it's an equilateral
triangle with 36, 36, and 36, and each one is
12 inches apart, which is great because that means
we now know how to setup those pins in our scene, later on.
OK, so that's enough research for now! Let's crack
on and start doing some modeling!